Adding context to example (#874)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/allow-releaseprogression.md

```

## Basic example

> This example will remove the [prevent progression](https://octopus.com/docs/managing-releases/prevent-release-progression) flag from a release, allowing it to proceed to the next environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example removes the [prevent progression](https://octopus.com/docs/managing-releases/prevent-release-progression) flag from a release, allowing it to proceed to the next environment.
```
